Multiple IdPs (#64)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-client-management-openid-task.adoc

[NOTE]
====
* Updates of clients created through this integration are not currently supported.

> * Deletion of clients created through this integration is supported with the limitation that the client is removed from Anypoint Platform but will still exist in the OpenID Connect Authorization Server and API policies will still consider them valid until the cached token expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deletion of clients created through this integration is supported with the limitation that the client is removed from Anypoint Platform but still exists in the OpenID Connect authorization server and API policies still consider them valid until the cached token expires.
```

| Token Introspection | {BASE URL}/introspect | {BASE URL}/introspect | {BASE URL}/introspect
|===

> . Sign in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.

Author: ```suggestion
. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.
```

> . Sign in to the master organization in Anypoint Platform with the organization administrator role.

Reviewer 2: nit: I know this was like this before, but you don't sign in to (master) organizations. You sign in to your user account and navigate to the master organization view in Access Management

Author: ```suggestion
. Sign in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.
```

. In Anypoint Platform, click *Access Management*.
. In the menu on the left, click *Client Providers*.

> . Click *Add Client Provider*, and then select OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Add Client Provider*, and then select *OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration*.
```

+
The *Add OIDC client provider* page appears.
+

> . After obtaining values from your identity provider’s configuration, fill in the following required fields in each section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After obtaining values from your identity provider’s configuration, complete the following required fields in each section:
```
Suggest replacing "fill in" globally, just to make the syntax a bit less colloquial.

Reviewer: Oh dear! Can you think of a way to present the following information without going to four levels?

Author: Uh oh. I didn't write this, but I'll take a look.

  *** *Enable client deletion in Anypoint Platform*: Enables deletion of clients created with this integration.
  *** *Enable client deletion and updates in IdP*: To use this option, you must also select the *Enable client deletion in Anypoint Platform* option. This option enables you to update and delete external clients in the configured IdP through an outbound call made by Anypoint Platform to `{clientRegistrationUrl}/{clientID}`. The `clientRegistrationUrl` is the value you configured in *Client Registration URL*. For example: `+https://identity.example.com/oauth2/connect/register/6779ef20e75817b79602+`. +

   **** The `Authorization:` header is included as part of the request only if the `Authorization Header` under *Advanced settings* is configured.
   **** The `client_id` request parameter that is passed is the same as the `client_id` passed in the `PUT` request payload.
   **** The `token_endpoint_auth_method` passed in the payload is always `client_secret_basic`.

>    **** Only the `Client Registration URL` and `Authorization Header` come from what is configured in OIDC *Client management*.

Reviewer 2: Client Provider

Author: ```suggestion
   **** Only the `Client Registration URL` and `Authorization Header` come from what is configured in OIDC *Client Provider*.
```

   +

> This is an example of the payload for a `PUT` (update) request:

Reviewer: HTTP methods are not formatted other than presentation in ALL CAPS.
```suggestion
This is an example of the payload for a PUT (update) request:
```

`client_name` in the request maps to `name` on the inbound side. +
The authorization method depends on the grant type. For example, if the grant type is `implicit`, the `id_token` and `token` are returned.
+

> This is an example of the `DELETE` request header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of the DELETE request header:
```
